docs: update assetsRetry configuration introduce (#5746)
web-infra-dev/modern.js: packages/document/builder-doc/docs/en/config/output/assetsRetry.md

If the assets request for `cdn2.com` also fails, the request will fallback to `cdn3.com`.

> For detailed usage, please refer to [Rsbuild - Assets Retry Plugin](https://rsbuild.dev/plugins/list/plugin-assets-retry#options).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`assetsRetry` is implemented based on the Assets Retry plugin of Rsbuild and provides the same configuration options. You can refer to [Rsbuild - Assets Retry Plugin](https://rsbuild.dev/plugins/list/plugin-assets-retry#options) to understand all available configuration options.
```
